The Beatles, Come Together	One and one and one is three.
Angus, Night in the Woods	I believe in a universe that doesn't care and people who do.
The Chronicles of Prydain	I have long loved you, and loved you even before I knew that I did.
Castle on the Hill	I still remember these old country lanes when we did not know the answers.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son	Tell all who will hear, the Reaper sails to Mars. And he calls for an Iron Rain.
Patrick Jane, The Mentalist	Everybody dies. Very few people ever feel truly sorry for the bad things they've done.
Sonnet 18	So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
The Outsiders	You get tough like me and you don't get hurt. You look out for yourself and nothin' can touch you...
The Idiot	Grown-up people do not know that a child can give exceedingly good advice even in the most difficult case.
Confessions	What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
Sin City	It's my own fault, and nobody else's, that I got confused. I've been having so much fun, I forgot to take my medicine.
Avett Brothers - The Weight of Lies	So when you run, make sure you run to something and not away from, 'cause lies don't need an aeroplane to chase you anywhere.
The Time Machine	Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless. There is no intelligence where there is no need of change.
The Fountain	All these fears and all this love, all you've given me, it's not enough. All my dreams and all this stuff, all made real... it's not enough.
The Longest Text Ever	It's crazy to think that everything we could ever possibly say or write is massively outweighed by meaningless strings of letters and punctuation.
Goo Goo Dolls - Iris	And I don't want the world to see me 'cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's meant to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Tokyo Ghoul	You choose to be hurt rather than to hurt others, right? You're nice and wonderful. But while it seems like you are choosing both, you're really forsaking both.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix	They're called Thestrals, they're quite gentle really. But people avoid them because they're a bit... different. They can only be seen by people who have seen death.
Mostly Harmless	At every level, vital instructions were missing, and the instructions about what to do in the event of discovering that vital instructions were missing, were also missing.
Found	So they stood at the edge of the woods while all the other kids filed past. Katherine shot Jonah a white-faced worried look as she walked by, but there was nothing she could do.
Red Rising - Pierce Brown	You do not follow me because I am the strongest. Pax is. You do not follow me because I am the brightest. Mustang is. You follow me because you do not know where you are going. I do.
The Mandalorian	You have something I want. You may think you have some idea of what you have in your possession, but you do not. Soon, he will be back with me. He means more to me than you will ever know.
The Dark Knight Rises	Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding!
Star Trek: The Original Series	Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. Did Einstein, Kazanga or Sitar of Vulcan produce new and revolutionary theories on a regular schedule? You can't simply say, "Today I will be brilliant."
The Wise Man's Fear	It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
Mastering Computer Typing (1995)	Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl	So if this was a touching romantic story this is probably where a new feeling would wash over me and suddenly we would be furiously making out with the fire of a thousand suns. But this isn't a touching romantic story.
A Beautiful Mind	I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.
What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy	Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
A Little Song	The spirit and the senses so easily grow dead to the impressions of the beautiful and the perfect that one ought everyday to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.
The Lebanon	She dreams of 1969 before the soldiers came. The life was cheap on bread and wine and sharing meant no shame. She is awakened by the screams of rockets flying from nearby, and scared she clings onto her dreams to beat the fear that she might die.
The Social Network	Even a few people leaving would reverberate through the entire user base. The users are interconnected; that is the whole point. College kids are online because their friends are online, and if one domino goes, the other dominoes go. Don't you get that?
Susanne Sundfør - Good Luck Bad Luck	But as he moves closer, I cannot help but ask: if in a different world, would our love forever last? The almighty scientist says most of the universe is empty, and gods don't exist. Well, maybe that's where our love ends up - no holy grail, just an empty cup.
Alvvays - The Agency Group	An outcast of modern society suffering from a case of sobriety. Shortcomings, well, you can take your pick, when you're catering to one of your nervous ticks. When you whisper you don't think of me that way; when I mention you don't mean that much to me, to me, to me.
Mystery Science Theater 3000: Manos the Hands of Fate	In the not too distant future, next Sunday AD, there was a guy named Joel not too different from you or me. He worked at Gizmonic Institute, just another face in a red jumpsuit. He did a good job cleaning up the place but his bosses didn't like him so they shot him into space.
Crazy Rich Asians	Well, Nicky, I hate to point out the obvious, but here's this tiny bird that's been trying to get through a huge bulletproof glass wall. A totally impossible situation. You tell me it's been here every day pecking away persistently for ten minutes. Well, today the glass wall came down.
From the Earth to the Moon	Now when an American has an idea, he directly seeks a second American to share it. If there be three, they elect a president and two secretaries. Given four, they name a keeper of records, and the office is ready for work; five, they convene a general meeting, and the club is fully constituted.
Schindler's List	I know you have received orders from our commandant, which he has received from his superiors, to dispose of the population of this camp. Now would be the time to do it. Here they are; they're all here. This is your opportunity. Or, you could leave, and return to your families as men instead of murderers.
The Action Hero's Handbook: How to Catch a Great White Shark, Perform the Vulcan Nerve Pinch, Track a Fugitive, and Dozens of Other TV and Movie Skills	Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal. Often, the fate of a loved one or the free world itself is at stake if you do not get out, and so any experienced action hero knows that a dramatic rescue, a prison break, or a pardon will almost certainly be coming in time for Act III.
Sports Night	It's taken me a lot of years, but I've come around to this: If you're dumb, surround yourself with smart people. And if you're smart, surround yourself with smart people who disagree with you. I'm an awfully smart man, and Mike Sabath is an idiot. He had you and he blew it. You're gonna do great here but you've gotta trust us.
The Lord of The Rings	It was a merry journey with Tom Bombadil trotting gaily beside them, or before them, on Fatty Lumpkin, who could move much faster than his girth promised. Tom sang most of the time, but it was chiefly nonsense, or else perhaps a strange language unknown to the hobbits, an ancient language whose words were mainly those of wonder and delight.
Inherit the Wind	Mr. Brady, why do you deny the one faculty of man that raises him above the other creatures of the earth? The power of his brain to reason. What other merit have we? The elephant is larger; the horse is swifter and stronger; the butterfly is far more beautiful; the mosquito is more prolific. Even the simple sponge is more durable. But does a sponge think?
Life of Pi	I was giving up. I would have given up - if a voice hadn't made itself heard in my heart. The voice said "I will not die. I refuse it. I will make it through this nightmare. I will beat the odds, as great as they are. I have survived so far, miraculously. Now I will turn miracle into routine. The amazing will be seen every day. I will put in all the hard work necessary."
The Time Song	Time is a tool you can put on the wall or wear it on your wrist. The past is far behind us, the future doesn't exist. Time is a ruler to measure the day, it doesn't go backwards, only one way. Time went new and got old like history. Stuff from the past went into a mystery. It's out of my hands, I'm only a clock. Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be fine, but eventually everyone runs out of time.
Carli Lloyd When Nobody was Watching	The people who succeed don't heed the doubters and don't give in to despair or negativity. They don't talk about emptying the tank, they just empty it. It's just one more indispensable life lesson I've learned from my mentor, coach, and friend James Galanis, who even now never stops reminding me that you can achieve great things in life if you are true to yourself and you do the work when nobody is watching.
Inherit the Wind	It's the loneliest feeling in the world to find yourself standing up when everybody else is sitting down. To have everybody look at you and say, "What's the matter with him?" I know. I know what it feels like. Walking down an empty street, listening to the sound of your own footsteps. Shutters closed, blinds drawn, doors locked against you. And you aren't sure whether you're walking toward something, or if you're just walking away.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince	But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
The Lord of The Rings	He then told them many remarkable stories, sometimes half as if speaking to himself, sometimes looking at them suddenly with a bright blue eye under his deep brows. Often his voice would turn to song, and he would get out of his chair and dance about. He told them tales of bees and flowers, the ways of trees, and the strange creatures of the Forest, about the evil things and good things, things friendly and things unfriendly, cruel things and kind things, and secrets hidden under brambles.
The Grapes of Wrath	She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt or fear, she had practiced denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall.
Wikipedia - Colemak	Colemak is a keyboard layout for Latin-script alphabets. The layout is designed to make typing more efficient and comfortable by placing the most frequently used letters of the English language on the home row. Created in 2006, it is named after its inventor, Shai Coleman. Most major modern operating systems such as Mac OS, Linux, Android, Chrome OS, and BSD support Colemak natively. A program to install the layout is available for Microsoft Windows. On Android and iOS, the layout is offered by several virtual keyboard apps like GBoard and SwiftKey, as well as by many apps which support physical keyboards directly.
